grabe g r a b e
gripo g r i p o
guapo g u a p o
guhab g u h a b
guray g u r ay
gurayan g u r ay a n
guwa g u w a
habagat ha b a g at
habal ha b a l
habok ha b o k
habol ha b o l
haboy ha b oy
haboyon ha b oy o n
hagay ha g ay
hagmak ha g m a k
halad ha l a d
halit ha l i t
hamboy ha m b oy
hampak ha m p a k
hana ha n a
handa ha n d a
hangawa ha ng aw a
hangkat ha ng k at
hapdi ha p d i
hapin ha p i n
haplak ha p l a k
hatag ha t a g
haw-ad h aw a d
hawid ha w i d
hepe he p e
herba he r b a
hibi hi b i
hidlaw hi d l aw
higko hi g k o
higkuan hi g k u a n
higong hi g o ng
higugma hi g u g m a
hikap hi k a p
hikay hi k ay
hikayan hi k ay a n
hilagis hi l a g i s
hilak hi l a k
hilamon hi l a m o n
hilig hi l i g
hilway hi l w ay
himakas hi m a k a s
himaya hi m a y a
himos hi m o s
hinaboy hi n a b oy
hinalay hi n a l ay
hinlo hi n l o
hipid hi p i d
hipon hi p o n
hipos hi p o s
hirop hi r o p
hitabo hi t a b o
hitsura hi t s u r a
hiwalan hi w a l a n
hiwat hi w at
hiwit hi w i t
honasan ho n a s a n
hubag hu b a g
hugas hu g a s
hugpa hu g p a
hugpong hu g p o ng
hukom hu k o m
hulas hu l a s
hulaw hu l aw
hulid hu l i d
hulot hu l o t
huloy hu l oy
human hu m a n
humlad hu m l a d
humok hu m o k
humoy hu m oy
hungit hu ng i t
hungod hu ng od
hunos hu n o s
hunyo hu n y o
hupay hu p ay
hutik hu t i k
huwebes hu w e b e s
huyap hu y a p
huyhoy hu y h oy
huyop hu y o p
huypan hu y p a n
iampo i a m p o
iba i b a
iban i b a n
ibid i b i d
ibos i b o s
iglesya i g l e s y a
ihaw i ha w
ihuwad i hu w a d
ikatlo i k at l o
ikit i k i t
ilawod i l a w o d
imahen i m a he n
impatso i m p a t s o
impon i m p o n
inadlaw i n a d l aw
inaton i n at o n
ingat i ng at
inggat i ng g at
ingkit i ng k i t
ingod i ng o d
interes i n t e r e s
ipares i p a r e s
ipis i p i s
isip i s i p
isipan i s i p a n
isipon i s i p o n
istorya i s t o r y a
itanom i t a n o m
itaya i t a y a
itom i t o m
kabakod k a b a k o d
kabalan k a b a l a n
kabay k a b ay
kabaylo k a b ay l o
kabayo k a b a y o
kabig k a b i g
kabit k a b i t
kablit k a b l i t
kabod k a b o d
kabog k a b o g
kabos k a b o s
kabugaw k a b u g aw
kabuhi k a b u hi
kabulig k a b u l i g
kadena k a d e n a
kadlaw k a d l aw
kagapon k a g a p o n
kagat k a g at
kagaw k a g aw
kahas k a ha s
kahera k a he r a
kahero k a he r o
kahisa k a hi s a
kahita k a hi t a
kahoy k a ho y
kakapoy k a k a p oy
kakusog k a k u s o g
kalalaw k a l a l aw
kalapit k a l a p i t
kalipay k a l i p ay
kalo k a l o
kaluoy k a l u oy
kambang k a m b a ng
kambid k a m b i d
kambod k a m b o d
kamote k a m o t e
kamoy k a m oy
kampo k a m p o
kandaba k a n d a b a
kanding k a n d i ng
kaon k a o n
kapa k a p a
kapawa k a p aw a
kapayas k a p ay a s
kapid k a p i d
kapilya k a p i l y a
kapin k a p i n
kapitan k a p i t a n
kapkap k a p k a p
kapog k a p o g
kapot k a p o t
kapote k a p o t e
kapre k a p r e
kaptan k a p t a n
karbaw k a r b aw
kari k a r i
karnero k a r n e r o
karpa k a r p a
karwahe k a r w a he
kaspa k a s p a
katahap k a t a ha p
katapo k a t a p o
katol k a t o l
katsa k a t s a
katsori k a t s o r i
katubos k a t u b o s
kauhaw k a u ha w
kaupod k a u p o d
kawa k a w a
kawatay k a w a t ay
kaykay k ay k ay
kayot k ay o t
kibit k i b i t
kihad k i ha d
kimpit k i m p i t
kinadlaw k i n a d l aw
kinawat k i n a w at
kipot k i p o t
kita k i t a
kitaay k i t a ay
komporme k o m p o r m e
kompra k o m p r a
konseho k o n s e ho
kontra k o n t r a
kontrol k o n t r o l
kopya k o p y a
korbata k o r b a t a
kudal k u d a l
kuha k u ha
kuhol k u ho l
kulabo k u l a b o
kulbaan k u l  b a a n
kulob k u l o b
kumanta k u m a n t a
kumpanyar k u m p a n y a r
kumpol k u m p o l
kupo k u p o
kurapa k u r a p a
kuripot k u r i p o t
kurog k u r o g
kusahos k u s a ho s
kusipad k u s i p a d
kutoy k u t oy
kuweba k u w e b a
kuyab k u y a b
laba l a b a
lababo l a b a b o
labada l a b a d a
labador l a b a d o r
laban l a b a n
labang l a b a ng
labaw l a b aw
labay l a b ay
labhag l a b ha g
labhan l a b ha n
labhang l a b ha ng
labing l a b i ng
labnit l a b n i t
labnog l a b n o g
labnot l a b n o t
labo l a b o
labog l a b o g
labot l a b o t
labtik l a b t i k
labugay l a b u g ay
labutaw l a b u t aw
lagaw l a g aw
lagbong l a g b o ng
lagpang l a g p a ng
lagpat l a g p at
lahog l a ho g
lakip l a k i p
lamba l a m b a
lambot l a m b o t
lampas l a m p a s
lampaso l a m p a s o
lampin l a m p i n
lampos l a m p o s
langoy l a ng oy
lantay l a n t ay
lapad l a p a d
lapak l a p a k
lapat l a p a t
lapdos l a p d o s
lapida l a p i d a
lapis l a p i s
lapit l a p i t
lapnag l a p n a g
lapsag l a p s a g
lapsi l a p s i
lapuyot l a p u y o t
lapwa l a p w a
laragway l a r a g w ay
latoy l a t oy
lawas l a w a s
lawod l a w o d
laye l ay e
libag l i b a g
libak l i b a k
libod l i b o d
libog l i b o g
libre l i b r e
libro l i b r o
lideres l i d e r e s
ligad l i g a d
lighot l i g ho t
ligoy l i g oy
lihi l i hi
lihog l i ho g
likaw l i k aw
likop l i k o p
linibo l i n i b o
lipak l i p a k
liwat l i w at
liyabe l i y a b e
lote l o t e
lubag l u b a g
lubid l u b i d
lubong l u b o ng
lubyok l u b y o k
lugayaw l u g a y aw
lugpay l u g p ay
luhod l u ho d
lukdo l u k d o
lukos l u k o s
lukso l u k s o
lumapaw l u m a p aw
lumboy l u m b oy
lumoy l u m oy
lumpat l u m p at
lumpiga l u m p i g a
lunga l u ng a
lungib l u ng i b
lupig l u p i g
luto l u t o
luya l u y a
madahon m a d a ho n
maghari m a g ha r i
mahaw m a ha w
mahayag m a ha y a g
mahinay m a hi n ay
maiwat m a i w at
mamahaw m a m a ha w
maneho m a n e ho
manghod m a ng ho d
maoy m a oy
mata m a t a
matabas m a t a b a s
matiner m a t i n e r
mawili m a w i l i
melon m e l o n
mensahe m e n s a he
mitlang m i t l a ng
miyembro m i y e m b r o
monghe m o ng he
mumoy m u m oy
nabaw n a b aw